Updated roadmap based on changes accomplished in v3.3.0 (#1030)
StackStorm/st2docs: docs/source/roadmap.rst

    the feature. Pull Requests are open to anyone.

3.4
---

> * The roadmap for ``3.4`` is in the works, stay tune!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The roadmap for ``3.4`` is in the works, stay tuned!
  Possibilities are:
    - Add support for Ubuntu 20.04
    - Change default pack virtual environment to use Python 3
    - Drop Python 2.7 support in the StackStorm `st2` codebase
    - Convert ChatOps backend to Python
```

Reviewer 2: Stay tuna! :smiley:

    the feature. Pull Requests are open to anyone.

3.4
---

> * **Python:** Drop Python 2 support, rely on Python 3 ony.

Reviewer 3: Interesting on py 2. I don't think we can say for sure we'll have it all removed in the 3.4 release (plan to be decided tomorrow) - especially as still debate on U16 to be had. I would think it's safe to say we will be starting on it - but if we are going for fixed 3 month releases - have we agreed exactly what is going to be in 3.4.
It would be safe to say its for upcoming release, but just wondering if we want to commit that it is 3.4.

Have we agreed what is in 3.4? Or should all of these be in the planned future but not scheduled yet?

Author: Fixed

    the feature. Pull Requests are open to anyone.

3.4
---

* The roadmap for ``3.4`` is in the works, stay tuned!

>   Possibilities are:
>   - Add support for Ubuntu 20.04
>   - Change default pack virtual environment to use Python 3
>   - Drop Python 2.7 support in the StackStorm `st2` codebase
>   - Convert ChatOps backend to Python

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

  Possibilities are:
  
  * Add support for Ubuntu 20.04
  * Change default pack virtual environment to use Python 3
  * Drop Python 2.7 support in the StackStorm `st2` codebase
  * Convert ChatOps backend to Python
```

Release History
---------------

> .. rubric:: Done in v3.3

Reviewer 3: Do we want to mention Mongo 4 here in this list?

* **RHEL/CentOS:** Drop support for RHEL/CentOS 6.x.
* **Mistral deprecation:** Orquesta replaces Mistral as the workflow engine.
* **HipChat Removal:** The HipChat adapter has been removed from st2chatops.

> * **Chef:** Deprecated `chef-stackstorm <https://github.com/stackstorm/chef-stackstorm>`_ deployment.

Reviewer 3: We didn't mention the chef or docker in the release blog, should we given they are listed here as changes?

Author: Added to the blog post
